README.md, before:

# firewall
###### *DISCLAIMER: The following code is only for Ubuntu.*

### Features
1) Block IP addresses
2) Block access to certain ports 
3) Block specifed prefixes of IP address (to block networks)
4) Block too many requests made by the same IP in a short period of time (user can specify threshold and time)

### Steps to Run
1) Type the following terminal command: 
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iptables -I INPUT -d 192.168.0.0/24 -j NFQUEUE --queue-num 1
2) Fill out the rules in the JSON file as follows:
<br><img src = "/screenshots/config.PNG" width="50%"></img><br>
3) Execute firewall.py using python3

### Requirements
1) netfilterqueue
2) scapy

### Credits:
1) Meghana Holla : https://github.com/meghana-holla
1) Ornella D'souza : https://github.com/Onurene

### Author

1) Email: nishant.aklecha@gmail.com
2) LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/naklecha
3) CodeChef: https://www.codechef.com/users/naklecha
4) PYPI: https://pypi.org/user/naklecha
5) GitHub: https://github.com/Naklecha

##### *"Any suggestions would be appreciated"*

Commit message:

initial experiment in print-accept.py

README.md, after:

# firewall
###### *DISCLAIMER: The following code is only for Ubuntu.*


###internal documentation

https://docs.google.com/document/d/11N1KkFoqi_BN22M9J-StlrT6YTYAuiSijnZzfpA8Fg4/edit

fw.py is not used

print-accept.py is used




### Features
1) Block IP addresses
2) Block access to certain ports 
3) Block specifed prefixes of IP address (to block networks)
4) Block too many requests made by the same IP in a short period of time (user can specify threshold and time)

### Steps to Run
1) Type the following terminal command: 
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;iptables -I INPUT -d 192.168.0.0/24 -j NFQUEUE --queue-num 1
2) Fill out the rules in the JSON file as follows:
<br><img src = "/screenshots/config.PNG" width="50%"></img><br>
3) Execute firewall.py using python3

### Requirements
1) netfilterqueue
2) scapy

### Credits:
1) Meghana Holla : https://github.com/meghana-holla
1) Ornella D'souza : https://github.com/Onurene

### Author

1) Email: nishant.aklecha@gmail.com
2) LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/naklecha
3) CodeChef: https://www.codechef.com/users/naklecha
4) PYPI: https://pypi.org/user/naklecha
5) GitHub: https://github.com/Naklecha

##### *"Any suggestions would be appreciated"*
